update readme (#20)
akai-org/akai-webpage: README.md

> This is a Official AIKI webpage, made by their owners. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an Official AKAI webpage, made by their owners. 
```

Now your site is now running at `http://localhost:3000`!

**Build production**

`$ npm run build`

To change build name, enter to `package.json` and change name after `-o` (default is `out`). 
`next export ` works only for SSG !:

    {
        ...
        "scripts": {
            "build": "next build && next export -o build",
            ...,
        },
        ...
    },

## What's inside?

A quick look at the top-level files and directories you'll see in a Next.js project.

    .
    ├── config
    ├── node_modules
    ├── public
    ├── src
    ├── .env
    ├── .gitignore
    ├── next.config.js
    ├── package-lock.json
    ├── package.json
    └── README.md

- **`/config`**: This file has global informations about aplication. 

- **`/node_modules`**: This directory contains all of the modules of code that your project depends on (npm packages) are automatically installed.

- **`/src`**: This directory will contain all of the code related to what you will see on the front-end of your site (what you see in the browser) such as your site header or a page template. `src` is a convention for “source code”.

- **`/public`**: This directory will contain all static files.

> - **`.env`**: Environmental variables

Reviewer: do we even use `.env` at all?
